QuickStep Computer Center | NLP
Welcome to QuickStep Computer Center
Menu
Home
About Us
Courses
Gallery
Contact
Placement
NLP
Home
NLP
170
SEATS
Course Description
NLP:-
Natural language processing (NLP) is a branch of artificial intelligence. It helps computers understand, decipher and control human content language. Today there is a gigantic measure of messages, web-based media text, video transfer, client surveys, client assistance demands, and so forth These literary information become the ideal spot to apply NLP. We need NLP apparatuses and methods to measure, break down, and comprehend unstructured "huge information" to deliver the force in investigation. In this post, I will clarify characteristic language preparing in a layman's term. At that point talk about what sort of work is engaged with NLP. I likewise will explain the contrast between discourse acknowledgment and NLP. At that point at last I will cover the AI , ML calculations for NLP.
Natural Language Processing (NLP)?
Humans communicate with each other by using natural language, for example, English, Chinese, French or Russian. A computer algorithmcan't comprehend a characteristic language yet can deal with the regular language to cause collaborations between PCs or people to feel precisely like associations among people and people. This is regular language handling (NLP). With NLP, a computer can tune in to a characteristic language spoken by an individual, decipher it and react to it by creating regular language back to the individual.
Use Of Natural Language Processing today?
Yes when you ask  for directions, you are using NLP in action. In spite of the fact that you may not be happy with the precision level, yet the quality is improving. You may regularly hear "this call might be recorded for quality and preparing purposes" when you settle on a telephone decision, almost certainly, the underlying discussions are totally created by a computer. Once more, you might be irritated by the low quality, yet the exactness is improving after some time. Other than these two models, an E-mail spam channel is another type of NLP to figure out which messages are acceptable and which are spam. These spam channels filter the content and endeavor to comprehend the importance of that text.
Course Syllabus
Introduction NLP
Tokenization
Stemming
U - Chunks
U - Bag of Words
P - Bag of Words
Word existence feature
Word proportion feature
TFIDF feature
U - Category Predictor
Contact Us
×
Contact Us
Your Name
Email
Mobile Number
Message
Send Message
Address
11, 1st Floor, Unilet Store, Police Station, 80 Feet Rd
above Unilet ,P&T Colony, RT Nagar, Bengaluru, Karnataka 560032
Phone Number
+91 9743034376
+91 9739204786
Email Address
[email protected]
[email protected]
We are one of the few education and training organization in India who have received this accreditation. This accreditation is recognized by Government of India.
WHY QUICKSTEP?
30+ Years of Training Experience.
Industrial Based Projects.
Quality Education & Affordable Cost.
Quickstep has a dedicated Placement Team.
Interview Skills Training & Placement Assistance.
Internships for all kind of Students.
Final Years Projects.
All kinds of Projects Develpment.
"We will be a Part of Your Life".
OUR SITEMAP
Home
About
Courses
Courses Details
Contact
FLICKR FEED
Â© 2020
Quickstep Computer Center
Developed by
Smart Business Point Software Solutions +91 8099747554
| All Rights Reserved.