QuickStep Computer Center |Placement
Welcome to QuickStep Computer Center
Menu
Home
About Us
Courses
Gallery
Contact
Placement
Placement
Home
Placement
PLACEMENTS
Course Description
Quickstep Computer Centre  has been able to earn the trust of students and well-known organizations. We are providing the Training with placement.
Quickstep computer Centre strongly believes in teamwork .Our group in the arrangements division constantly takes care of the students need in the guidelines and quality that is normal at the corporate level and screens for change in the preparation design every now and then. It is constantly being up dated so Our institute is able to include as per the industries requirement.
Quickstep Strongly believes our students can find satisfaction in  what they do.
Placement Division group has never flopped in all the years to guarantee the subjective labor to the business. Indeed, even in the most basic circumstances of downturns, we have set our understudies at different levels in the product enterprises.
We Scheduling interviews with worldwide organizations.
Quickstep computer Centre has a dedicated placement Team so who can  guide you towards achieving your dream job and  career goals. we believes that all this activities leads to higher sense of Motivation among the Students.
Placement  department works very closely with the industry, to develop and support associate  Industry-training , Interface and facilitates Placements and Internships for all kinds of  students.
Contact Us
×
Contact Us
Your Name
Email
Mobile Number
Message
Send Message
Address
11, 1st Floor, Unilet Store, Police Station, 80 Feet Rd
above Unilet ,P&T Colony, RT Nagar, Bengaluru, Karnataka 560032
Phone Number
+91 9743034376
+91 9739204786
Email Address
[email protected]
[email protected]
We are one of the few education and training organization in India who have received this accreditation. This accreditation is recognized by Government of India.
WHY QUICKSTEP?
30+ Years of Training Experience.
Industrial Based Projects.
Quality Education & Affordable Fees.
Quickstep has a dedicated Placement Team.
Interview Skills Training & Placement Assistance.
Internships for all kind of Students.
Final Years Projects.
All kinds of Projects Develpment.
"We will be a Part of Your Life".
OUR SITEMAP
Home
About
Courses
Courses Details
Contact
FLICKR FEED
Â© 2020
Quickstep Computer Center
Developed by
Smart Business Point Software Solutions +91 8099747554
| All Rights Reserved.